c:\users\calde\onedrive\documentos\visual studio 2015\Projects\ejemploDeReporte\ejemploDeReporte\bin\Debug\ejemploDeReporte.exe.config
c:\users\calde\onedrive\documentos\visual studio 2015\Projects\ejemploDeReporte\ejemploDeReporte\bin\Debug\ejemploDeReporte.exe
c:\users\calde\onedrive\documentos\visual studio 2015\Projects\ejemploDeReporte\ejemploDeReporte\bin\Debug\ejemploDeReporte.pdb
c:\users\calde\onedrive\documentos\visual studio 2015\Projects\ejemploDeReporte\ejemploDeReporte\bin\Debug\ejemploDeReporte.xml
c:\users\calde\onedrive\documentos\visual studio 2015\Projects\ejemploDeReporte\ejemploDeReporte\bin\Debug\MySql.Data.dll
c:\users\calde\onedrive\documentos\visual studio 2015\Projects\ejemploDeReporte\ejemploDeReporte\bin\Debug\MySql.Data.xml
c:\users\calde\onedrive\documentos\visual studio 2015\Projects\ejemploDeReporte\ejemploDeReporte\obj\Debug\ejemploDeReporte.Form1.resources
c:\users\calde\onedrive\documentos\visual studio 2015\Projects\ejemploDeReporte\ejemploDeReporte\obj\Debug\ejemploDeReporte.Resources.resources
c:\users\calde\onedrive\documentos\visual studio 2015\Projects\ejemploDeReporte\ejemploDeReporte\obj\Debug\ejemploDeReporte.vbproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\calde\onedrive\documentos\visual studio 2015\Projects\ejemploDeReporte\ejemploDeReporte\obj\Debug\ejemploDeReporte.exe
c:\users\calde\onedrive\documentos\visual studio 2015\Projects\ejemploDeReporte\ejemploDeReporte\obj\Debug\ejemploDeReporte.xml
c:\users\calde\onedrive\documentos\visual studio 2015\Projects\ejemploDeReporte\ejemploDeReporte\obj\Debug\ejemploDeReporte.pdb
c:\users\calde\onedrive\documentos\visual studio 2015\Projects\ejemploDeReporte\ejemploDeReporte\bin\Debug\CrystalDecisions.CrystalReports.Engine.dll
c:\users\calde\onedrive\documentos\visual studio 2015\Projects\ejemploDeReporte\ejemploDeReporte\bin\Debug\CrystalDecisions.ReportSource.dll
c:\users\calde\onedrive\documentos\visual studio 2015\Projects\ejemploDeReporte\ejemploDeReporte\bin\Debug\CrystalDecisions.Shared.dll
c:\users\calde\onedrive\documentos\visual studio 2015\Projects\ejemploDeReporte\ejemploDeReporte\bin\Debug\CrystalDecisions.Windows.Forms.dll
c:\users\calde\onedrive\documentos\visual studio 2015\Projects\ejemploDeReporte\ejemploDeReporte\bin\Debug\FlashControlV71.dll
c:\users\calde\onedrive\documentos\visual studio 2015\Projects\ejemploDeReporte\ejemploDeReporte\bin\Debug\CrystalDecisions.ReportAppServer.DataDefModel.dll
c:\users\calde\onedrive\documentos\visual studio 2015\Projects\ejemploDeReporte\ejemploDeReporte\bin\Debug\CrystalDecisions.ReportAppServer.ClientDoc.dll
c:\users\calde\onedrive\documentos\visual studio 2015\Projects\ejemploDeReporte\ejemploDeReporte\bin\Debug\CrystalDecisions.ReportAppServer.ReportDefModel.dll
c:\users\calde\onedrive\documentos\visual studio 2015\Projects\ejemploDeReporte\ejemploDeReporte\bin\Debug\CrystalDecisions.ReportAppServer.Controllers.dll
c:\users\calde\onedrive\documentos\visual studio 2015\Projects\ejemploDeReporte\ejemploDeReporte\bin\Debug\CrystalDecisions.ReportAppServer.CommLayer.dll
c:\users\calde\onedrive\documentos\visual studio 2015\Projects\ejemploDeReporte\ejemploDeReporte\bin\Debug\CrystalDecisions.ReportAppServer.DataSetConversion.dll
c:\users\calde\onedrive\documentos\visual studio 2015\Projects\ejemploDeReporte\ejemploDeReporte\bin\Debug\CrystalDecisions.ReportAppServer.Prompting.dll
c:\users\calde\onedrive\documentos\visual studio 2015\Projects\ejemploDeReporte\ejemploDeReporte\bin\Debug\CrystalDecisions.ReportAppServer.XmlSerialize.dll
c:\users\calde\onedrive\documentos\visual studio 2015\Projects\ejemploDeReporte\ejemploDeReporte\bin\Debug\CrystalDecisions.ReportAppServer.CubeDefModel.dll
c:\users\calde\onedrive\documentos\visual studio 2015\Projects\ejemploDeReporte\ejemploDeReporte\bin\Debug\CrystalDecisions.ReportAppServer.CommonObjectModel.dll
c:\users\calde\onedrive\documentos\visual studio 2015\Projects\ejemploDeReporte\ejemploDeReporte\bin\Debug\CrystalDecisions.ReportAppServer.ObjectFactory.dll
c:\users\calde\onedrive\documentos\visual studio 2015\Projects\ejemploDeReporte\ejemploDeReporte\bin\Debug\ShockwaveFlashObjects.dll
c:\users\calde\onedrive\documentos\visual studio 2015\Projects\ejemploDeReporte\ejemploDeReporte\bin\Debug\CrystalDecisions.ReportAppServer.CommonControls.dll
c:\users\calde\onedrive\documentos\visual studio 2015\Projects\ejemploDeReporte\ejemploDeReporte\bin\Debug\stdole.dll
c:\users\calde\onedrive\documentos\visual studio 2015\Projects\ejemploDeReporte\ejemploDeReporte\obj\Debug\ejemploDeReporte.vbprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
